foreign
thank you for joining us tonight um we're in for a real treat we have a
special guest star um everybody please welcome Antichrist
um we're gonna meet him for the first time yes fantastic and
we will be looking at some questions we have a real special thing tonight I'm
gonna press ahead with the translation of the formula of the the cup the cup
whose cup the Christ cup
[Music]
so people were telling me they were especially interested in um kind of Plumbing the depths of the
hardcore pharmacology they want to know about this cult operation they want to
know what it's doing people tell me they liked the presentation that was my
translation of Revelation 17 yes using the orphic terms
so it's a translation for those with ears to hear using Otto currents Vox
orphica yes so people like that so I'm going to bring you something very
similar tonight to meet your tastes and it's time for us to meet the Antichrist
what I'm going to do is go ahead and put the text up we've all seen the
andromedas text this is neroes this is by way of reminder this is Nero's
Arch doctor Arch physician and he is in the midst of bringing uh this formula
back this hymn yes this cult ritual
Nero wants this stuff yes so we're going to look at the
beginning of the translation starting and ending at the same point the Christ
and the Antichrist and I want you to realize that I'm choosing my words very
carefully because the Christ and Antichrist are the doubt and antidote within the
mystery so when Jesus is saying um that he is that
he is not pulling it out of thin air where does it come from where does this term come from I tell everybody
no room for guessing here we don't want any sort of ideas or general theories or
you know we're not here to develop Sarah you know
um yeah uh we're here to bring you the evidence so let's look at the evidence
from this preserved in this narrow to see what they're doing at the time and
what the Cults are like so I just flashed the Greek up you up to you I'm going to read
the translation that I call
the goddess called calm from the communion of vipers
and I am using the title that is given with the text so here is the text itself
I want to read you from the Christ to the Antichrist and of course realize
that this Christ what is Christ at its basis just realistically and rationally and and uh
uh actuality what is the actuality of Christ is the one who has been stung by
the gadfly Creo in its oldest form means the one who's stung by the gadfly the
one what's that word for cat fights oysters right the one who has the
oysters right you and I would say estrus yeah the one who has that there is an
antidote of calming that we call Galena
that just means the calm sea waves the calm storm
the idea is you you think of the immediate time post storm when it's silent and the waves are flat
it's that time it's the Galena you know uh half these people are on
ships and are into trading so you can't you can't fault them for the terminology
and to know that gives us a a clue about what the words
actually mean how to translate them so we're learning a lot of context here as we go
oh lovely the goddess called calm
from the communion of vipers hear me Caesar
and no the compounded Antichrist
Giver of unconquerable freedom
hear me Nero her name is Hilaria Delaney good goddess
Hilaria Galena good goddess
no for a fact that she does not shun the Dark Harbor
she has no concern for danger when someone has over measured the hated
opium and place their greedy lips over Gloom inducing wine cup
nor does she who calms the storm turn away from the Mortal whose cup is full
of aconite hemlock
or the communion of chilling nightshade
she fails not to come as Antichrist to the yellow die
of Medea's communion the so-called bringer of sorry bringer
of premature death
she comes to assist the use of the blistering beetle
who pushes the blood she comes to the initiate struck with
the Viper Venom of Echidna Darkness bringer
nor does calm lose her composure in the presence of the horned serpent
the pain inducer Galena pacifies the dry Viperine thirst
bringer the Venom of the Scorpion
is not protected from her not even the ASP herself
the communion that possesses the Venom of the most powerful necromancers
nor does Galena bend the knee to the feared Oak die
nor with her present does the initiate remain unto the influence of the death
state nor does the open bleeder
when overcome with one of their bloodletting potions despair
never when good goddess is present
with Galena the hated venomous spiders are unable to injure a man
she puts off the Shivering burden of pains
nor does Rock navigating Hydra the sea snake burn
the first ruler of and panther of the warm salt sea
meeting the amphibious snake would not bring the limits of Sweet Life
the lips of Syrian women sprinkled with death
the one relying on Galena rejoices in the moist flowers of Summer
oh Caesar whoever walks the Libyan Seashore cares
not for the danger nor does the serpent who goes forward
and backward bring Doom and neither does the toad that pastures
on the dry plane with her with Delaney
one would easily find the cure for a bloated stomach and heal the short
pointed Point uh the short panting asthma whenever the spirit within rolls around
the stomach swelling with pregnancy and forces the bitter pain of birth
when the guts swell in an unpleasant whirling when someone should have an
inflammation of the sting of the beautiful gadfly
she's there to help when the entire frame of flesh is bilious
standing out with prominence I'm going to stop there
so that we can catch up uh with what is going on this is the
beginning of the hymn and what we are doing is we are hemming the Antichrist
we are Hemming the concoction
that we will consume yeah or that will be administered to us
I should say is technically because sometimes they're putting it in the eyes right so that's not consumption and
certainly um off the rectum is not consumption but this is that compound
derived from the cup they have this special word for those of
you who didn't pick it out there's a special word in ancient Greek that you saw from my translation
that is the drug that it um causes the death state
so they actually think about that for a minute they actually are sitting around and have developed a drug that compound
that they can administer and put somebody into a death state
yeah yeah so um a couple of things I want to point out
um we're talking about that Antichrist and her name is given in three different ways Hilaria
yeah Hilaria Galena yes good goddess
Hilaria Galena good goddess and those of you who know
um about Roman Greek religion will talk about the Hilaria and what it is
um yeah so these are not um these these are native Greek terms
this is strongly ethnically Greek this is it has great cult for a core
Center um the language makes that clear
these little couplets that are the Poetry are written in a way
that betrays a familiarity with the form
of hymns produced in what we call the orphic hymns
so yes yes yes and it will have more hops lagomina words that are only found
in one place then any other text besides hesitius in order to understand the
vocabulary of this very special hymn that we're reading this Antichrist in
order to understand it we have to go to the ancient lexicographers like the victorians did
and we have to say what does hezekius say about this really really rare word
right because you know we can't Define it if we see it just once you look you can't the only way is to go back and say
well what are the anti-lexicographers saying hopefully they said something about it and about its roots
um and uh and yes guess what they do so a lot of this is there in this text you
are getting the most verified
mystery cult you're getting the rarified air of it with these I mean you are
hearing the hymn you're listening to the invocations you
are feeling the formulas it's coming out so I just want to make a couple of comments about that they stand out this
portion of Medea this communion of Medea that we taught this medic
communion um
is from a vessel it's pictured as being from a vessel
right so from a the Mead or the medwa or the Medea is that
cup she is the one who brings that communion to you
now if you are in a mystery right if you're one
of the initiated you have shaved your head you have entered into the morning
and you've done all the fasting and all the you know the particular drug regimen you're supposed to be doing right
depending on wherever the locality was where wherever it was you know the
plants that are used there in those locations okay so um yeah notice by the
way too the wonderful variety of plants that we're dealing with that the Galena is the galani is a remember the glanay
is an antidote right and so he is the galani is actually going to be used for the person
who is put into that death state if you don't have the Galena on board you're
not coming out you're not coming out of the death state that's all part of the death and
Resurrection cult that we are in right we're opening you up bringing you
into the reality so that you may be born again the way you don't see it but the
way is embedded in this poem yeah it's embedded
the way fantastic so there's a couple of points I want to make um the potion is the cup and that cup is
that cup of cornea that we're using right it's coming from her Dark Harbor
and remember that Dark Harbor the word for Harbor there is the word for vagina
yes yes the flowers that are in and when I say
yeah the flowers that are there that we pictured um those flowers are the vagina
right the victorians even knew that and wrote it down right that's where we we
get our our knowledge of it right wait a minute this is uh this is the word that they're using for
um the labia yes right exactly so so it's it's join
there the pornea is part of it um remember Jehovah is a misogynist
extraordinaire right there's a reason that we have to
kick out that lady Babylon right yeah there's a reason
it um she works she is the cup that brings us the communion
yes and with the combination of the Cross of her Christ and her Antichrist
you can perform this right which will enable you to wake up to the reality you
go somewhere and you'll come back you'll be horrified you'll be amazed you'll be stupefied life-changing you know you you
quit your drinking um you know you swear off you're gambling you know right right and you
begin to live a life of the way right right
yes the life of the way it's embedded in the Greek that I just read you
it's embedded in that Greek I want to make a couple of points with our last 10 minutes here
um I want I want you to notice that um and by the way the Dark Harbor is
associated with specific divinities specific Divinity so we have to be
careful there right um look at what they're using opium okay
nobody's surprised they're using opium there's Virgil tells us how to grow opium you know um so opium opium it's
everywhere they're mixing it and everything right so where do you think they get their concepts of stupor from
right there's this state that you can enter into when you're you know chasing
the dragon if you will uh you enter a state of
yes um why one Victorian defined it as a sullen a state of being sullen
um yes perhaps that was his opinion he probably was chasing the dragon though
so maybe he knows anyway um we have opium and we have uh the oh
and notice that he said the Opium is over the wine cup right because you what
do you do is you take little lozenges of goodies and you dissolve those in your wine right and you get like a you know
you get a a cough a Palma uh what they would call in the Middle Ages a potion
right yes lovely you see the reality it's it's gorgeous it's gorgeous um she fails Not
to Come As Antichrist to the yellow dye so for those of you who are talking about the dies
the dies um I think Dion was talking about the dies and somebody sent in
um the manuscripts for uh the uh papyri on the dye making you know
the dye making and what you know we're looking at whether or not this those dyes were psychotropic well they're
using them not only to dye things with but get this right the world is not what
you think don't impress your world on it right these Dyers are the ones that were getting the
religious cult through you say what yes why do you think there
are Baptists right right back to baptize something is to
diet yes so they're making these and apparently there is one that they use in
in uh uh in the performance of according to this in the performances at da dona
which is one of the great you know people will argue it's the oldest Greek oracle you know it's it's the prophecy
of Zeus how is Zeus able to prophesy with this cup
the Oracle become she who knows what is what was and what will be did you ever
wonder why they were talking walking around talking about the Christ being that one
yes now you understand the Alpha and the Omega right
that's the that's the power of the Christ
yeah the oyster Mania
um yeah and there and Jehovah is always an enemy of that feminine produced
Source you can you can step out and say this God has an issue
with the production of this right and what it means I'm sure
because we know the Jewish civil um um exists because somebody stood up and
said look at all this misogyny right what is all this misogyny doing
right good for the Jewish civil good for her it was one of them they stood up you
know it was somebody at dinner one night and they were like wait a minute they were looking around they're like wait a minute I'm in a world
that is controlled by a force that hates women
that truly has a problem with women yeah and all of a sudden we're back in birth did you notice the hymn comes back
to the birth right with that fetus
yeah gorgeous we're gonna burn off our immortality here right we have to have
the Antichrist to do that we have to
um yeah a couple more points I want to say um uh she comes to assist the use of
blister beetle so you're getting some more drugs that are involved that she is balancing
um and they know that the blister beetle pushes the blood they know what happens what causes erection they're not the
their uh doctors is not that in the in the dark
um yeah the Viper Venom of Echidna Darkness bringer now we're getting into some specific types of drugs there are
some other echidni who are using the this thing that puts you Into Darkness
um like a mist yeah there was a Mist over his eyes
yes now you know right he's just getting rid of his demons he's exercising his
demons right sabotic purification yeah fantastic stuff
um gilani pacifies the dry Viperine um thirst bringer that's the dip sass
right snake the one that brings the thirst and I want to ask you did you notice how many
serpents were involved here did you notice how many different Venoms and did
you notice it's um within balancing the doubt and the antidote that they're
they're revealing their own cult um he says look there are these these goes these old necromancers
by that that are involved in this drug that is um the asp the ASP which their
ASP it looks like you know it's a take it for what it is identification
wise but it has been identified traditionally as the Egyptian cobra it's
the Egyptian cobra so apparently he says the most Undisputed magicians
right they are using the Egyptian cobra
yeah and Galena is so strong she neutralizes even that
yeah this is amazing if we could trace back the genetics because remember it's a
woman who is producing this stuff right you thought the purple trade was
psychedelic and expensive yeah imagine this and now you know why people are
sailing around trying to kidnap her right and there's a line of them and
heronitus heronsis opens up with their kidnappings and the oracles
this is everything this is the foundation this is the
foundation of the western world yeah and it's Christ and Antichrist it is
dote and antidote these are drugs drugs of communion produced by the human
body let me just make a couple last points um we talked about venomous spiders and the
Scorpion they're using those the very famous Greek god was able to urinate those now ejaculate
yeah minus right what ejaculated yeah
the Venom of the Scorpion and this um one of the snakes
actually I think it was snake's plural yeah a combo a polo pharmacon that you can only get
from his ejaculation right and it's so bad that he was
killing the women that he was having intercourse with
isn't that something ejaculating so if you're stuck in the fairy tale you
know like when they say Biblical history or Bible times whenever somebody says
Bible times you realize that's fairy tale world right so if you want to understand what
they're actually doing with these with these drugs look at um look at it from a very basic level right
uh and the the religious drugs allow you to do that right because they're putting somebody into a death State and bringing
them out of it right for a reason so they can be born again right you can have the vision rip open
the reality right um gilani rejoices in the moist flowers of summertime and
um in that place the word specifically points to vaginas right and uh so again
the cop because we're talking about the Poma the meatic Poma the meatic thing
that we um is our communion is our communion
um yeah and then we get to the birth ending off with the oysters right they
call Beautiful they call Beautiful why because they're using the oysters in the in the birthing
process it's an EOS it's a it's a poison that
um uh numbs pain and facilitates birth
and that's why you get kicked out of the garden you s you disgusting women that
ju I'm speaking like Jehovah right that's why you have to leave the garden it wasn't because
um um it wasn't because uh um you would uh you know you wouldn't be
able to find a better place a condo somewhere maybe with a piece of strip land it wasn't
because of that it was because you would lose access to the drug that allowed you to enter
into that painless state of birth um which people say is that Nashville is
that natural yeah because what was there was from what was in the garden those were the drugs that she was using
in order to do that um you know this is fantastic I want to
I want to transition and talk to um Darren here for just a second
um about he said something earlier today hey Darren it's good to see you
you said something earlier today and I know this is not your expertise but
you're just reaching out there and you're getting information you know we're looking for scythians
um in armor you know what I mean we're uh we're looking for some kind of warrior not necessarily heavy armor but
something you'd wear on a horse you know and you could be comfortable in while you're collecting your herbs and I'm
looking for a six foot I'm looking for a 12 year old six foot 12-ish 13 somewhere
in the chorus stage um yeah and I hear that they these may
be out there um you feel pretty good about that um yeah I feel pretty good about that so um
there's a couple articles I'll post them in Discord again but I had already posted them but they found in um
northern or well Northern Mongolia Southern Russia tuva region they found
remains of a scythian woman 13 years old decked out in Amazonian gear and very
large so I think you know we have our evidence there
fantastic fantastic now you you have been uh working on the Discord a lot and
you say you're Fielding a lot of questions and you've given me several topics to talk about is there anything
in general that people seem to be really interested in that I may be able to
address no promises but maybe so right now two of the big fields that
are really interesting is uh I was we've been going down this rabbit hole about the African connection in um Libya and
in North Africa specifically Dion has been bringing up the tareg people who
have a blue indigo dye they raise snakes and they uh you know they also uh you
they're doing a bunch of these kind of rituals so we're wondering if maybe there's a connection here to uh lady
Babylon in in that whole thing yeah I think the best connection there
is um the fact that Libya you know is not only the home
Center of this great Oracle you know um but I mean that's why you go in
Antiquity to Libya right you're going to the Oracle of Ammon right and and so um
is there an association Olivia with the drugs yes particularly with the the
serpents are crazy right um so yeah and the drugs and there's this famous drug it doesn't grow anymore
that nobody can find anymore that supposed to be really good for you um right yeah um
yeah so um uh and who do we know immigrated from Libya through Egypt and
up to into Georgia um to be with uh you know the scythians that she became such a such a proponent
of their culture and um yeah yeah I think it's all it's coming through Libya
isn't it that's where this lamia is from right that's where the Athena is from
right so um the men erwa the Minerva yeah I love
it man it what else what else is out there the other big thing where we've been all been searching for is this
snake woman the Virgin blinded snake woman that you've been referencing and I know that wretch has been looking into
this with the Mellow scene and then I've been looking into this on the Indian side and I found connection with this
goddess Manasseh and uh yeah I think we're finding this figure so I want you
to elaborate more what is the purpose of the the the Virgin snake woman and what is this connection here
yeah and why did Jung get his dirty little hands on on on her as well yeah
he had to he couldn't miss her she's all over the place right even Herodotus in
491 and somebody may have posted that on the Discord um but um
heronitis talks about her right and who is this who is this person who is the
half virgin half uh Viper um half serpent right and I think what
um you know Hercules is doing his thing you know spreading his spreading his worship
and his cult and his you know doing his Arrow things he's got his Arrow toxins
from the from the uh Centaur that he was you know ultimately kills the guy but
um from the Centaur um that was teaching him and he's spreading that knowledge right and he's
Associated indirectly with Medea he tries to go on a mission to help her but
um instead the it wasn't the helper it was the kidnapper but instead his little
boy gets lost he has a young boy with him and everybody's like oh okay this is
those Greeks you know this this is the way of the of antique no it's not
there's a very specific reason he has a boy with them and that he's involved in a boy cult right get your head out of
the story and get it down to the actuality about why they're writing about these things right so um he's he's
going around with his cult and now I've come a little bit of a field of what the
question was help refocus me yeah we're just trying to find this
snake virgin right yeah yeah who is this [__] snake virgin snake
virgin he does find the snake virgin right and he finds her in a cave
yeah he finds her in a cave right so this is heronitus
this is odd we know that Hercules or Heracles was all over the place right we
have shrines to him all over the place he's a big deal he's one of the fathers of a different
um uh peoples in Greece right and spread all through the Mediterranean as far as the as far as Spain
so um yeah so um he he meets up with her right and um
notice that whenever he gets to the oracle he's always killing the one who
guards her yeah he's always killing the one who guards the trees
right where in which is the fruit yeah you see it's the same machine over
and over the the girl who was half Viper half girl is merely the one who is
preserving that song she is the Oracle she is that one who can come strangle
you right as the Sphinx she can come strangle you I wish people could see that we could bring back the
image of her on the horse with the hair and the poison and the arrows that can
turn you to Stone you can wake up you can just be some kid on a farm and you
can you can get Hunted and wake up in a sexual right
that involves the burning off of your flesh you can be made into the dragon
you can be blinded in the process these are actual things
that are going on this is not fairy tale World they did not sit around the grease
did not sit around and say hmm I wonder how I can create an interesting story
from beginning to end no they took all everything they've been hearing passed down verbally about the great Heracles
and while he stopped here in this place and he did this he stole these cattle and then something happened he had to go
here and he killed the he killed the oracle's guardian you know hydra's dead
oh man right so anyway what else do we have
going on one thing I wanted to talk about in address I kept getting all these questions surrounding the uh the
resource the literature that we all assembled and I think some people are coming in late or they missed some of
things but I want us to address what we're searching for as we dig through all of this later literature that
seemingly passed the Greek era you know like I want us to talk about the orphic
Vox and what is connecting you know Lord Byron and um this uh
you know occaccio and all of these characters and all this different literature that you've recommended us
and what are people actually searching for like what is what is the point of going to these places and finding this
orphic Vox here yeah yeah uh excellent excellent what's
the purpose of all of that right um first when you build a city the very
first thing you must do is build a temple to the muses it's the very first
thing that AI if you will as you and I were talking about earlier that AI can
only come when that is accumulated that real intelligence
right behind the artificial intelligence that real intelligence is a Quantum
phenomenon so in order for you in order for you to
create a society um when I'm not just talking about a city or government United States or this
government in order for you to create a society you must purify the area
for the news she has to be present and I think that's that's what each of
these sources that you're looking at that's what they are all following
that's why they have ears to hear and it's why guys like Byron can use orphic
images right as if they were a native speaker as if they were a native listener that
they could hear these terms when Jesus walks around saying this is only for those with ears to hear
right you could be talking to a hundred people and there's two or three in the crowd who are in
and he can address those two and everybody else can be like huh what'd he
say what what right and people explain it modern day pastors explain it by
saying oh this is a way he's using an example he's like this great teacher in Parables no no you don't understand
when you are creating um words sentences ideas thoughts when you're
expressing logo that have a double meaning where you only were only one a
receiver can receive that you're not giving it to the kitties you're not like this is not Sunday morning Bible study
right this is this is seclusion this is excluding
not including that's what the ears to hear does it excludes those
um who are not initiated who do not have life they can't breathe there you know if you if
you wanted I could have given you so much right yeah amazing yeah beautiful now you're
going to appear you're going to appear uh uh coming up on the Gnostic informant
so I just want people to um uh to support you and that and to
support um uh uh yeah to support
one who has had his demon cast out we have to be
um if we're able to purify and we're able to cast out somebody's devil
right we're able to cast them out of that person then that person deserves to
be um to have the chance to shave their head into mourning and be
with us and walk the way right um so yeah um Gnostic informant will
also be honoring um honoring uh Dr Carl Ruck
and he would like to talk about um censorship and difficulties within
Academia um because he knows as as he told me which I don't think that he would have a
problem with me sharing with you that um he realizes that those forces that were
he was he had absorbed and was channeling that are contrary to what the
initiation is what the satanic initiation is he knows that those forces
were um were exercised and he knows that those are what
bring us to a place where we block out
um we block it we we accept ultimately uh the lie that is around us right when
we embrace it so um Darren will be a gnostic informant I will be on second
form with Dr Carl Rock and we will do so embracing embracing the bakic
purification right hail Satan that's a yeah yeah wonderful thing okay I will
see you guys and um thank you for coming tonight thank you for having me yes
[Music]